enrich existing PR template to smooth the review process (#1264)
osmosis-labs/osmosis: .github/pull_request_template.md

Closes: #XXX

## What is the purpose of the change

> *Add a description of the overall background and high level changes that this PR introduces *

Reviewer: Can we keep these as comments? I personally would prefer to avoid having to delete these lines on every PR. With comments, the PR author can keep them and just start typing below

Reviewer 2: Hi Roman, the problem is, those comments won't show up when a PR is created, so submitters won't be able to see it at all. E.g. in https://github.com/osmosis-labs/osmosis/pull/1233, it just doesn't show up. 

Understand it takes a small effort to delete lines. But missing guidance can be quite confusing to new contributors like me who may not know what it's about.

Overall, hope it can offer a better practice to ask everyone, both existing and new contributors, to put more thoughts into PR formatting and content, that will eventually make us move faster as a group

Reviewer: > those comments won't show up when a PR is created, so submitters won't be able to see it at all

Could you help me understand - what exactly do you mean by not being able to see them as a submitter?

Here's an attempt to create a test PR where the comments are visible:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/34196718/163694204-6a0dc25f-d5eb-4a87-a0c2-5819c637de7c.png)

> But missing guidance can be quite confusing to new contributors like me who may not know what it's about.

Although I agree that these descriptions are valuable, I think they would be better kept as comments. The fundamental purpose of this text is for submitters to read them and understand what needs to be done. In my opinion, comments help to achieve that. In addition, I foresee future PRs not having these descriptions removed, making them less readable and more cluttered with text. With comments, the reviewers wouldn't see this detailed instruction text

Reviewer 3: idk, I think they're better off visible as well, you'd want them to show when you hit preview for instance.

I also don't think this is a big deal to change once we try something initially. Perhaps we start with it visible, and if we observe its not causing the effect we want, we make them comments in a future PR?

Reviewer: Discussed offline - let's make it visible and try :+1:

*(E.g.: This pull request improves documation of area A by adding ....*

## Brief change log

> *(for example:)*

Reviewer: Similar suggestion about making these comments

 
  - *The metadata is stored in the blob store on job creation time as a persistent artifact*
  - *Deployments RPC transmits only the blob storage reference*
  - *Daemons retrieve the RPC data from the blob cache*

## PR Formatting

> - Is PR targeted against correct branch (see [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/cosmos/gaia/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#pr-targeting))  (yes / no)

Reviewer: instead of (yes/now) can we make this:
- [ ] Is PR targeted against correct branch?

So that the author can quickly toggle the desired checkboxes

> - Is PR targeted against correct branch (see [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/cosmos/gaia/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#pr-targeting))  (yes / no)

Reviewer 4: This should also be added to the checklist below.

## Testing and Verifying

> *(Please pick one of the following options)*

Reviewer: suggest making comments where applicable

> This change is a trivial rework / code cleanup without any test coverage.
> 
> *(or)*
> 
> This change is already covered by existing tests, such as *(please describe tests)*.
> 
> *(or)*
> 
> This change added tests and can be verified as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] This change is a trivial rework/code cleanup without any test coverage.
- [ ] This change is already covered by existing tests, please provide examples of the test below:
   * < type here >
- [ ] This change added tests and can be verified as follows:
   * < type here >
```

*(example:)*
  - *Added unit test that validates ...*
  - *Added integration tests for end-to-end deployment with ...*
  - *Extended integration test for ...*
  - *Manually verified the change by ...*

## Documentation and Release Note

>   - Does this pull request introduce a new feature or user-facing behavior changes? (yes / no)

Reviewer: Please consider making these as checkboxes for convenience

>   - Does this pull request introduce a new feature or user-facing behavior changes? (yes / no)

Reviewer 4: Can this entire section be converted to a checklist? Similar to what we do for the SDK.
